WRO-8361: Added changelog for ui-test-utils fixes (#119)
enactjs/ui-test-utils: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [unreleased]

> * Fixed `open()` and `hidePointerByKeycode()` methods in utils/Page by adding `await` to `browser.execute()`.

Reviewer: I think this change log is more focused on "how" we fixed this issue not "what" we fixed.
How about
```suggestion
* Fixed the first tests in the test suite fail randomly by adding missed `await` in `utils/Page`.
```
